[Demakawa] What are
we about to witness
here at Jinbo Stadium?
Well, Sakura TV will broadcast
the whole thing live!
--Bingo.
--He's here!
He's arrived exactly on time!
--It's Metropoliman!
--[heroic music begins]
[audience cheering]
--What the hell?
--Who are those guys?
[Woman] Where'd they come from?
Two mysterious figures
have suddenly appeared!
That's unbelievable! It's
Metro Blue and Yellow!
[Demakawa] In a
stunning development,
Metro Blue and Yellow have
now joined Metropoliman
in the skies above the stadium!
--Look, Mirai.
--Yeah.
They have Wings and Red Arrows.
Only first-rank angels
or higher have both.
[gasps] Do they
intend to shoot him?
Are they going to fight?
I don't get it.
Why isn't he
activating his Wings?
--Mirai!
--[Arrow crackling]
[heroic music continues]
The Arrow can't get
through! [gasps]
--[Arrow crackling]
--[heroic music drops off]
[Blue] Damn.
[Mirai] He's already been
hit by a different Red Arrow.
[Revel] Whoever that is must've
been shot by Metropoliman.
Huh? Oh, now it makes sense.
[Blue] Humans who get
hit and controlled
by a Red Arrow can't
be hit by a new Arrow
until 33 days have elapsed.
[Yellow] So it's not
the real Metropoliman
in that suit, right?
[Blue] Yeah, he's a ringer.
[Yellow] Come to think of it,
when he arrived, it
looked more like he fell
out of the sky rather
than flew down.
[Blue] [sighs] Of course.
He must have dropped him here.
[Yellow] But you know what?
There's no guarantee he
isn't a God candidate, too.
Don't let your guard down.
--Gotcha.
--[microphone squeals]
I don't know what you
two are talking about.
--I am Metropoli--
--You can cut the act!
You're just an impostor
being paid to say that!
Just a decoy!
I challenge the real
Metropoliman to show himself!
[opening theme music]
[helicopters rumbling]
[Man] What the hell
is going on here?
[Woman] There are
three heroes now?
[Man] I thought they were
supposed to be working together.
[Woman] It sounds like they
don't trust each other.
[Man] So are they
enemies or allies?
You think it's true?
That's not the real Metropoliman
standing out there on the field?
[Masayoshi] That's
what they said,
but we have no way
of knowing for sure.
[Demakawa] Blue and
Yellow are obviously two
of the challengers he invited
to come meet with him.
The question is, are
they allies or enemies?
We'll have to keep
watching to find out.
[Mirai] I was going to
shoot him with a Red Arrow
if I saw the opportunity,
but that's off the table.
--Tabuchi.
--Don't say my name!
I didn't want to
bring this up before,
but if we die here, will
you have any regrets?
[Yellow] None at all.
I wouldn't wanna live in a world
where that shit-heel is our God.
I guess I won't have to, though.
If he actually becomes
God, it'll mean I'm dead.
[Blue] Pretty much.
Get out here, Metropoliman!
We walked right into your
trap, just like you planned.
But nothing's going to happen
until you show yourself!
Are we gonna fight,
or are we gonna talk?
[audience cheering]
[Yellow] Well put, Hatakeyama!
We can do this!
[Blue] We're ready.
It's time to turn
our lives around.
--Yeah!
--We did it!
We're all going
to college! Yeah!
[students cheering]
If I get rejected, I'm
going to kill myself.
That was the plan,
but... [breathes shakily]
--[Tabuchi sobbing]
--[somber music]
Wait a minute, I know you.
What's the matter?
I can't find a
college to accept me.
I have no prospects.
My life is over. [weeping]
[Hatakeyama] I
know how you feel.
[Tabuchi] I got turned
down just the other day.
There's no place left to try.
Yeah, but that's
just one rejection.
I've failed three times now.
I want to die.
--Really?
--Yeah, really.
If so, I have some drugs
that can help you out.
Huh?
[unsettling music]
[Hatakeyama retching]
This wasn't how it was supposed
to be. [breathing raggedly]
Right up until the
moment I killed myself,
I was planning to have a blast.
How can you enjoy yourself
when you know
you're about to die?
--[Tabuchi gasps]
--[Hatakeyama sighs]
Huh? Oh!
[heavenly music]
Are those angels?
[Tabuchi] Hope to live? God?
Are you kidding me?!
This is amazing!
I can't believe this
is actually happening!
[Hatakeyama] We can
make this work for us!
We understand the
law and government
a million times better
than the average idiot!
[Tabuchi] You're right!
Tabuchi, I promise,
if I become God,
I'll make sure you're happy
for the rest of your life!
Hatakeyama, if I become God,
I'll make sure you're
happy, too! [sobs]
[Blue] We can do this!
We can take this guy down!
[Yellow] We pretty much
know what you're thinking.
[Blue] You can't shoot
Arrows while flying faster
than the eye can see.
In other words, you
have to show yourself
in order to fire them.
That makes you vulnerable.
To avoid putting
yourself in danger,
you're using this guy as
bait so you can appear
behind any God
candidate who shows up
and shoot them
with a White Arrow,
which would mean one less
competitor to deal with.
But after shooting an Arrow,
you have to wait at
least two seconds
before firing another one.
So what do you do when you're
facing off two guys, buddy?
The truth is, you can't
kill both of us at once!
[Demakawa] Arrows?
God candidates?
What's he talking about?
[Masayoshi] Beats me.
[Blue] On top of that,
your Arrow's range
is 31.6 meters.
In order to shoot someone
who's standing on
the pitcher's mound,
you have to fire at them from
somewhere inside the field.
That's why you chose this
place: for the easy escape.
However, that works out
great for us as well!
We don't have to fear
being shot from the stands!
--Are they fighting for real?
--No way!
They have a lot of information.
You're right.
I didn't even know about
that 31.6 meter thing.
We only have an approximate
idea of how it all works.
[audience cheering]
--All right!
--Yeah! Go at it!
[Blue] What are you
gonna do, Metropoliman?
[helicopters rumbling]
--Hello, gentlemen.
--[all gasp]
--I'm the real Metropoliman.
--[audience clamoring]
[Demakawa] What a show, folks!
The real Metropoliman has now
appeared on the jumbotron!
[Metropoliman] In case
anyone out there is confused,
I can assure you
that I'm the one
and only authentic Metropoliman.
What you saw on
television yesterday
was someone else in the suit,
and you two are more
or less correct.
You're on the right track.
[Yellow] He's screwing with us.
[Metropoliman] I'll
tell you this much.
First, the guy
standing on the mound
is an ordinary human I
shot with a Red Arrow.
He can't fly or fire Arrows,
so you don't need to
be concerned about him.
[Blue] I thought you weren't
going to run or hide!
[Metropoliman] You're also right
about why I chose
this baseball field.
But there is one area
you're mistaken about.
The Arrows. They got it wrong.
[Metropoliman] Since
the Red and White Arrows
are separate objects, if
I ready both together,
it takes a third of a second
to fire off the two rounds.
Sorry, but I won't need
two seconds between them.
I don't think I can sneak in
behind the two of you, either.
Not when you're
standing back-to-back
and looking all around.
It would become an endless loop
of appearing and disappearing,
trying to get the
drop on each other.
I don't feel like doing
anything that lame, so bye-bye.
--[audience chattering]
--Where'd he go?
[Woman] Why do they
keep talking about--
[Woman] What happens now?
[Yellow] Guess he's
not gonna show.
[Blue] Then there's only
one thing left to do.
If we scare you that much,
you'd better run for it!
All we have to do now
is interrogate this guy
to get info on you!
It was pretty careless of you
to leave evidence like
this behind, Metropoliman!
--Come on, Yellow.
--Wait!
--It's a child!
--[audience gasping]
A young girl's
floating in midair!
Please wait!
[Mira] She has an angel!
Let me join with the two of you!
I'm scared of Metropoliman.
I think he's going to shoot
me with a White Arrow!
[fake Metropoliman straining]
I have Wings instead of Arrows,
so I don't know
how useful I'll be
if he decides to
attack you, but please!
[Yellow] What should we do?
It's possible she's being
mind-controlled as well.
It could be part of
Metropoliman's plan.
[Blue exhales]
I wanted to die because
kids bully me every day.
But now that I've got my Wings,
I'm just starting
to have some fun.
I don't want
Metropoliman to kill me.
Being bullied, huh?
After my family died, I
mostly got ignored a lot.
--Huh?
--[Saki sighs]
What's wrong, Saki?
--[audience chattering]
--Is it a magic trick?
--There aren't any wires.
--How's she doing that?
[Chiyo whimpering]
--Okay, fine.
--[Chiyo gasps]
If you'll agree to let us
shoot you with a Red Arrow,
we'll take you with us.
Shoot me. Go ahead.
[Blue] Ready? Raise your
hands and come closer.
--Okay.
--[grim music]
--[air whooshing]
--[fabric flapping]
[Blue and Yellow] Metropoliman!
--Too slow.
--[Chiyo screams]
[all gasp]
What are you guys doing?
This is what happens
when you hesitate.
Mr. Metropoliman!
[Metropoliman] You have
to shoot God candidates
as soon as they appear.
[Blue] Take this!
[Metropoliman] Like I said,
you idiots are too slow.
You're waiting around
for inspiration to hit.
Now it's two on two.
I'm disappointed.
I shouldn't have
gotten my hopes up.
You're starting to annoy me now.
Get out of here.
Otherwise, I'll get
rid of you, as well.
[Man] Why does he keep
appearing and disappearing?
[Woman] I have no idea
what they're doing.
[Blue] He's evened the odds.
[Yellow] What should we do?
For 33 days, that girl
will do anything he says.
The saving grace is
that she only has Wings.
[Blue] Hey, you're right.
Isn't this situation the
opportunity we were looking for?
We can still do this.
Now's the time!
Does anyone wanna side with us?
I know there are more God
candidates here in the stadium.
I'm asking you to stand
up and be counted!
Like us, there
must be some of you
who don't live in a world
where this monster is God!
Join us in our
fight against him.
We'll defeat
Metropoliman together!
But know this: we'll
only accept those
willing to be shot
with our Red Arrows.
This will only work if
we operate as a team.
[Woman] What's he talking about?
[Man] Are they saying
Metropoliman is God?
[Woman] What is going on?
Blue is calling for
reinforcements from the crowd.
Does that mean there's more
of these guys out here?
[helicopters rumbling]
[Blue] Aren't any
of you brave enough?
[Yellow] This is our
chance to take him down!
I know there's strength in
numbers, but what if they fail?
Yeah. We can't reveal ourselves
under these circumstances.
Especially if it means we have
to let them shoot
us with Red Arrows.
[Green] We'll join you.
[all gasp]
[Demakawa] Unbelievable!
Metro Green and Pink
have suddenly appeared
in the outfield stands!
[Yellow] I knew we
weren't the only ones
who wanted to
defeat Metropoliman!
[Blue] Look. They're
wearing suits like ours.
[suspenseful music]
--[wind whooshing]
--[helicopters rumbling]
[Demakawa] There's been
an unexpected development
here at Jinbo Stadium.
Metropoliman, who invited
his 11 challengers
to come and talk, has
vanished with a flying girl.
His disappearance has
left Metro Blue, Yellow,
and the fake Metropoliman
behind in the stadium.
And now Metro Green
and Pink have appeared
in the outfield stands.
[Blue] Are we sure those
two are God candidates?
[Yellow] If you wanna join us,
we have to shoot
you with Red Arrows.
Do you agree to that?
[Green] We understand.
[Pink] We only have
Arrows, not Wings.
Is that still okay?
[Yellow] Of course!
You're welcome to join us.
[Blue] No Wings, huh?
All right, let's go shoot them.
I'm going over to the stands.
--Back me up, all right?
--Gotcha.
[Demakawa] Blue and
Yellow are on the move.
Apparently, they're on their way
to meet up with Green and Pink.
[Arrows crackling]
[Blue] All right, I
was able to shoot them,
so they weren't
being controlled.
[Yellow] Just Arrows, though,
so all we got were guys
with second-rank angels.
[Blue] The weaker someone is,
the more they want allies.
[audience cheering]
[Masayoshi whooping]
Nobody expected this to happen
after Metropoliman announced
that he wanted to talk
to his 11 challengers.
Right now, we still don't know
if they're enemies or allies,
but the Super Civilization
Squad Metro Five have assembled!
[audience cheering]
[Blue] That makes four of us
who have access to Red Arrows.
We have an advantage in numbers.
[Yellow, Green, and Pink] Yeah!
You know, Mirai...
[Mirai] If we joined them,
Saki and I would make six.
That's half of the
remaining 12 candidates.
[Yellow] Let's see you
summon your Arrows.
[Pink] Arrows, huh?
[Green] Sorry, can't
take orders from you.
Attention, please, everyone!
--[exciting music]
--[Chiyo giggles]
Mr. Poliman is here
and he would like
to make a very
important announcement!
--What the hell?
--I must confess, everyone.
I, Metropoliman, am not
actually Metropoliman.
--[all gasp]
--[tense music]
[Blue] What?
[Metropoliman] Seriously,
you guys are so stupid.
[Arrows crackling]
The real Metropoliman's
right here.
[Yellow] Hatakeyama!
[Metropoliman] Like I
said, you're too slow.
[Arrow crackling]
[body thuds]
--[Mirai gasps]
--[chilling music]
Wait a minute. Are
those guys really dead?
No way. It's a performance!
[Man] This can't be
good. He's not moving.
[Man] Nice, Metropon!
What's your next trick?
[Mirai] He killed him.
[Arrows shattering]
[Pink] Huh? I liked Mr.
Blue up until a second ago.
Now he's dead.
[Green] Strange, but I
don't feel sad at all.
[Yellow] So Mr. Poliman,
may I ask you a question?
[Metropoliman] Huh? What is it?
[Yellow] I thought
the Metropoliman
on the screen was the real one.
What exactly's going on here?
[Metropoliman] The
guy you see is a human
I'm controlling
with my Red Arrow.
Huh? What's he talking about?
[Metropoliman] We
simply switched places
when you went to
the outfield stands
to shoot Pink and
Green with your Arrows.
Everyone's attention was
on you, so it was easy.
Anyway, you and Blue are way
too scared of Red Arrows.
[Yellow] What?
[Metropoliman] You were so
scared, you made a little girl
and even Green and
Pink raise their hands.
You knew the girl was a God
candidate since she had Wings,
but you needed to confirm
that the other two had Arrows.
Green and Pink are actually
just regular humans
under my control.
They're pawns I
placed on the board.
[Yellow] What?
[Green and Pink]
Thanks for playing!
[Yellow] There's no
way regular humans
would voluntarily get involved
in something so dangerous.
And we were able to shoot them!
[Metropoliman]
Let me remind you:
it's possible to control people
without using Red Arrows.
[Yellow] You can do that?
[Metropoliman] Want
me to teach you how?
[Yellow] Yes! Please!
[Metropoliman] The
answer is money.
They're just part-timers
working at a local hero show,
though I did pay them an
awful lot of cash for the gig.
Huh? Excuse me, angel.
Why are you trying to just
casually sneak out of here?
Nice try.
Those Wings and that Red Arrow
you gave him are mine by right.
So I'll be taking them.
[sinister music]
Thanks a lot, I appreciate it!
He got the Wings and the Arrows.
They were passed to him.
[Metropoliman] Now, then,
you two did your job,
so you can leave.
--Huh?
--Thanks! See ya!
[Mirai] This is bad.
So far, everything's
gone exactly
as Metropoliman planned it.
He lured three God
candidates to him.
He killed one with a White Arrow
and shot the other
two with Red Arrows.
It was naive of me to
think I'd get a chance
to shoot him with a Red Arrow.
He's too crafty.
I don't stand a
chance against him.
If I'm not careful,
he'll kill me.
For now, I should just
focus on not revealing
that I'm a God candidate.
--Look. What's going on?
--Huh? [gasps]
[Metropoliman] It's now time
for the second act to begin!
[audience cheering]
[Yellow] Uh, what
are these things?
Are those handcuffs?
Maybe he's gonna show
off an escape trick.
Hey, what's up? Half
the players left.
He said it's the second act.
He must have something
up his sleeve.
[Metropoliman] Let's
start with you, Yellow.
It's true you've been
hit by my Red Arrow,
but in spite of that,
there appear to be limits
to what I can make you do.
[Yellow] Oh, no, Mr.
Poliman, not true.
I'll do anything you tell me to.
--Yeah.
--Really?
--What if I told you to die?
--Die?
It would be different
if you'd done something
to me that merited death,
but you haven't, have you?
[Yellow] Not that I recall.
[Arrow crackling]
[Metropoliman] So if
I were to do this...
[Yellow] What's going on?!
No, no, no! Please
don't point that at me!
[Metropoliman] See?
You're trying to fly away.
There are limits to
the Red Arrow's power.
[Yellow] Wait. This
is a joke, right?
[Metropoliman] I'm
clearly not joking.
--No! [screaming]
--[Chiyo shrieking]
--Wait, wait! Don't do this!
--It hurts! It hurts!
[Yellow] Somebody
help me! [screams]
[solemn music]
[Chiyo whimpering]
[Chiyo gasps]
--Is he really dead?
--I thought this was a show.
[Woman] Isn't
Metropoliman supposed
to be a hero of justice?
You think Mirai
will be all right?
Huh? What do you mean?
That young girl is next.
I hope he doesn't try to
be a hero and stop him.
Oh, yeah, right.
--No! Help me, someone!
--[menacing music]
Mommy! Mommy, I'm
scared! [whimpering]
Don't let him hurt me!
Is she acting, 'cause
she's really freaking out!
--Yellow's not moving!
--Oh, no!
[Mirai] What should I do?
What can I do?
I could prepare my Red Arrow
and fly faster than he can see.
That won't work.
And if he flees
before I shoot him,
I'd only be revealing
that I'm a God candidate.
Then he'll hunt me
down and kill me!
I can't die.
After all this, I can't die!
Think, Mirai! There
must be another way.
Please don't do this!
[Metropoliman] Huh? What do
you mean, "please don't"?
Unless you have a suggestion
that would make me want to stop,
you're wasting your breath.
You second-rank angels
are such idiots.
I admit, though,
it would be amusing
to watch you beg for her life.
Go on, do it!
Someone, please!
Please help her, anyone!
She's just a little girl.
I'm begging you, don't
let her be killed!
Please, she doesn't
deserve this!
[Metropoliman] [laughs]
I knew you could do it.
[Chiyo screaming]
That's it, keep screaming.
Beg for your lives!
All you cowardly God candidates,
are you going to
let this child die?
[Saki] Don't.
[Jami] He's going to kill her
if you don't do something!
--What is it, Saki?
--No. Don't do this.
[Jami] She's just 10
years old! Please!
Someone help us!
She's a little girl!
She deserves to grow
up and have a life!
--It's not fair!
--[Chiyo screaming]
Make him stop this!
[closing theme music begins]
[machinery whirring]